docs: bounty details in the readme file (#2423)
ignite-hq/cli: readme.md

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from everyone. The `develop` branch contains the development version of the code. You can create a branch from `develop` and create a pull request, or maintain your own fork and submit a cross-repository pull request.

> To reward your participation, we're starting a bounty program for Ignite CLI. You can keep track of the Ignite CLI issues using the [project page](https://github.com/ignite-hq/cli/projects/5). Join the #bounty channel on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/ignite) for more information and queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Ignite CLI bounty program provides incentives for your participation and pays rewards. Track new, in-progress, and completed bounties on the [Bounty board](https://github.com/ignite-hq/cli/projects/5) in GitHub. Details in the #bounty channel in [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/ignite).
```

Reviewer: @soniasingla  thanks for this PR! Since the bounty program is well under way, I've suggested some changes :)
